README.md, before:

# Projet-Python-M1

## INSTALLATION

- Download the project from Git
- Unzip the file
- When the file is unzipped:
    - Open a Python IDE (PyCharm for example)

- If the Python IDE is Pycharm
    - Open the project (NOM_DU_DOSSIER)
    - Now we Configure the Python Run Configuration (Top Right, next to the Run button)
    - "Edit Configuration"
    - Add new Configuration
    - Choose Python
    - Script path : Path to the main.py file
    - Execute main.py
    - Have Fun

- No Library to install


## (NOM_DU_JEU)

Welcome in (NOM_DU_JEU)

You just woke up, in a dungeon, there is only one door in front of you, no way to exit you have to go to this door, you have nothing left in your bag you lost all your stuff. You have no idea where you are, not even how you get here.

You decide to pass the door which disapear right after, the only things in the room is a little piece of paper, "No way to go back, you can try to go as far as you can you will never be able to exit this dungeon. Don't loose time thinking, the beast is coming, I suggest you just continue to go through the door you can see, but remember, there is no end, infinite floor, and you will have to do everything again if you die. It will maybe help you to think about what you've done..."

You can't do anything so you decide to start to explore the dungeon, room by room, no way to go back, you will wander endlessly in this dungeon, trying to kill the monster you find.


## GAMEPLAY

It's an endless dungeon (infinite floor), in each floor you wil have to go through 7 to 15 room but be careful some monster can be in those rooms, one trader will occasionally you'll find a merchand  that can help you in these endless hell. Gain level by killing the monster, try to go as far as posible, find new gear, use spell to heal yoursel or to kill your enemy, use some potion you found. Survive.

Commit message:

Name of the game + fix

README.md, after:

# Projet-Python-M1

## INSTALLATION

- Download the project from Git
- Unzip the file
- When the file is unzipped:
    - Open a Python IDE (PyCharm for example)

- If the Python IDE is Pycharm
    - Open the project (NOM_DU_DOSSIER)
    - Now we Configure the Python Run Configuration (Top Right, next to the Run button)
    - "Edit Configuration"
    - Add new Configuration
    - Choose Python
    - Script path : Path to the main.py file
    - Execute main.py
    - Have Fun

- No Library to install


## The Good Game with a dungeon

Welcome in the Good Game with a dungeon 

You just woke up, in a dungeon, there is only one door in front of you, no way to exit you have to go to this door, you have nothing left in your bag you lost all your stuff. You have no idea where you are, not even how you get here.

You decide to pass the door which disapear right after, the only things in the room is a little piece of paper, "No way to go back, you can try to go as far as you can you will never be able to exit this dungeon. Don't loose time thinking, the beast is coming, I suggest you just continue to go through the door you can see, but remember, there is no end, infinite floor, and you will have to do everything again if you die. It will maybe help you to think about what you've done..."

You can't do anything so you decide to start to explore the dungeon, room by room, no way to go back, you will wander endlessly in this dungeon, trying to kill the monster you find.


## GAMEPLAY

It's an endless dungeon (infinite floor), in each floor you wil have to go through 7 to 15 room but be careful some monster can be in those rooms, one trader will occasionally appear to help you in these endless hell, some say he follows the prisoner to steal what they didn't saw to sold the item just after. Gain level by killing the monster who seem to be old fighter who went crazy, try to go as far as posible, find new gear, use spell to heal yoursel or to kill your enemy, use some potion you found. Survive.
